---
title: I don't want to grow up yet
tags:
- 杂文
categories:
- childhoods
date: 2007-12-20
lang: en
translateDate: 9/30/2023
---

Today, I saw that several classmates mentioned that they wanted to grow up, and it was natural to think of myself, because I didn't want to grow up yet.

I know that although children are very happy and happy, they also have a price.

The reason why children are happy is because they don't have to give, they just need to accept the love sent by others, live in the loving environment created by adults for them, sleep peacefully every day without fear, do wrong things without responsibility, there is always someone to take care of when they are sick, there is always someone to comfort when they are sad and lonely, and they can play until dark and wait for the call of their parents.

For a while, I am also 21 years old, if it were in ancient times, I should have been a father a long time ago, and as a result, I still said such things so willfully, saying that I don't want to grow up, and I want to be a child, I really shouldn't ah, hehe, I don't know how my dear parents will feel when they see my wayward?

Since I was a child, my parents said that I was too old, not like a child, and did not know how to be coquettish, and in the eyes of many people, I seemed to have always appeared as a relatively independent appearance. In my heart, I always wanted to be a happy child, but I didn't want to burden others too much, especially people who love themselves, this idea was not understood when I was young, but I did it, I think it may be an instinct, I try to become more obedient, not let my parents worry me, don't let my friends around me worry.

After high school, I was far away from home, but my parents' love for me, I felt more clearly, out of instinct, every time I have a cold, I don't want to tell my parents, for fear that they are worried, always hope that their cold can get better soon, occasionally it is really not better, so I said that I want to catch up with homework at school, do not have to go home, I will not let my parents know, and then in the next week to recover my illness. After college, I was farther away from home, and my parents' love for me became clearer, especially after I had a relationship, and I understood the kind of love my parents gave me. Every time I have a cold or anything else that worries them, I try to avoid it, and then tell them the result when everything is resolved. I also thank my parents for their trust in me.

However, no matter how I try not to worry them, it is impossible, because I am still a child, I dropped out of school because of the re-examination in my freshman year, and I tore up the make-up exam paper in my junior year because I hated the teacher, remembering that I am really a headache child, the cold some time ago did not want to tell others to let others worry about themselves, but I still told my friends willfully, hoping that they could care about themselves. My friends, I sincerely hope you will forgive you for the troubles you have caused.

Still, I don't want to grow up, I want to be a sensible little kid.

I don't want others to worry about me, especially my parents, relatives and friends who love me and care about me; I will take responsibility for myself, especially for my parents, relatives and friends who love me and care about me; I will care about others, of course, especially my parents, relatives and friends who love me.

I want to be as innocent as a child, and I will laugh happily when I look at the sky; When he receives candy from others, he will happily give him the stones he has collected; Looking at fairy tales, you will also wonder when you can also appear in that magical land.

Hehe, this is me, a little child, looking at the sky happily, then smiling, hehe, then, hahahaha...
