---
title: Qu Ye Yu Si
tags:
- 杂文
categories:
- childhoods
date: 2007-06-21
lang: en
translateDate: 9/30/2023
---

The classical music of the Twelve Music Workshop flowed in my ears, and I was intoxicated by it, and the light outside the balcony was reflected in the bedroom, like a stream flowing through, and at this moment, my thoughts suddenly came to mind.

Exams are still being carried out intensely and methodically, revision work enriches our lives, and games and entertainment are still an inevitable part, intertwined with each other, forming our colorful university life.

Swimming once a day is still a compulsory course for me, I like the feeling of water, like finding a feeling of sustenance, in the water, I can think of nothing, soak my body naturally in the water, let the waves push me around, a complete feeling of dependence, maybe this feeling, we boys only have this feeling when lying in the arms of their parents when they were young, and they can also feel it in this quiet water; But even so, I can swim around the water naturally, even under the water I can open my mouth very naturally, but in any case, I can't breathe as naturally as I do on land, and even if it is so good, it can't give me everything, I still have to dance my limbs to keep myself in contact with the air. Life is actually like this, we can't get everything through a certain dependence, we all have to wave our hands to create our own life.

Yesterday I watched the opera "Phantom of the Opera" and was deeply attracted by the beautiful singing voice in it, the story is actually a relatively old-fashioned story, the young and beautiful Christine, attracted by the ghostly man under the Paris Opera, he has intelligence, talent and a good singing voice, but he is ugly, but she is still attracted because of his mystery. Even so, she had to return to reality and to the good Mr. Luo, who loved him. This story may tell the young dreams of a group of young girls, even if the mysterious dream is good, it still has to return to reality and cherish the true love that belongs to them.

During this time, even if you have to be busy with exams, but the project still can't be stopped, fortunately, there is already a lot of free time in normal times, and you can allocate a lot of time for yourself. There is more free time, more freedom, but sometimes it is inexplicable, but think about it, sometimes it is really like this, even when it is not free, there will be such a situation, so the two are unrelated things.

Today I went to the library to borrow books, borrow books for the summer vacation, but every year is like that, the eyes are high and low, always borrow a lot of good books, but unfortunately I can't find so much time to read it, and each time the books borrowed are very thick one by one, I am working hard to move home, and then move over with the same hard work, and comfort myself every year, the books are not all read, or read some, hehe.

Suddenly remembered a big discovery today, found that I have basically the potential and basic elements to be a bad person, I have intelligence, then arrogance, then disobedience to the status quo, always trying to change the surroundings, using ordinary methods but being hit one after another, haha, in fact, everyone has the potential to be a bad person, but I am a little more. Some people say that geniuses and madmen are one step away, and some people say that hypocrites and villains are only one step away, it seems that today I can also put forward a new thesis, I don't know if someone has proposed it, bad people and good people are only one step away, when a person wants to taste a little different freshness, a bad person is formed.

Unconsciously, the rain is falling, Chongqing is really strange recently, even raining, it does not look like summer at all. I don't know if it will be hot this year.

Well, there is a lot of nonsense, the music is also coincidentally heard a repeat, it seems that it is time to end, I have to continue to read the book and prepare for the exam. When you see the students here, please also work hard for your own exam~~~
