---
title: When writing a program break
tags:
- 杂文
categories:
- childhoods
date: 2007-05-29
lang: en
translateDate: 9/30/2023
---

After writing a program, let's write a log to take a break, my blog can be said to be a lot, but each one is cold, I don't know if it's because my name is too cold, or because of something else, but I think the main thing is because I write too little.

Every morning I will get up at 6:10, and then use the computer, hehe, the computer is set to start automatically, get up and use, use the computer to write Braille, spend half an hour to an hour every morning, write about a thousand to two thousand words, do not want to forget the feeling of words.

Although a folder is full of tens of thousands of words, but it has never been published, not reluctant, but embarrassed to take out, are some garbage in their hearts, casually vented in their own computers, as a thing called a diary exists.

The day after tomorrow Challenge Cup Chongqing Division Final is about to begin, but until just now, I was still changing the program, because what I do is more complex face recognition in image processing, so the possibility of various special situations is relatively large, so I have been testing over and over again, and then over and over again I feel the scoundrel, over and over again I feel tired, over and over again I feel like I want to rest, and then until now, I finally stopped the program to do some text.

Writing programs is actually a very pleasant journey, but except in the case that when you encounter a problem that cannot be solved with logic, it will be an extremely painful journey, like suffering in hell. Last night, my program because of the use of multithreading, the DLL called in the multi-threaded unexpected error, could not enter through the debugger, depressed for a night, still could not be solved, until this morning, when the computer was turned back on, everything returned to normal. Nothing has changed, nothing has been done, the only thing is to sleep until dawn, everything is back to normal, I really doubt that last night's trip to hell was an extremely painful dream.

Real life is actually like this a lot of the time, nothing needs to change, as long as you sleep and get up and everything is fine, no matter how uncomfortable you feel the first night, the next morning you are still as happy as ever.

In fact, life is like this, everything is beautiful, as long as you see the past as a dream, remember it, miss it, take it as a lesson, and then cherish what you have today, this is a perfect day in life.

Having said all this, it took a quarter of an hour to relax, and it was time to go back to the battle. Tomorrow afternoon, we will go to Xizheng to set up the booth. All I need to do is face a good day with a smile and confidence, and let my hard work stand out from the fifty or sixty works in Chongqing.
