---
title: Original? Source?
tags:
- 杂文
categories:
- childhoods
date: 2006-06-03
lang: en
translateDate: 9/30/2023
---

I often write some essays with confused thoughts, and even I can't grasp whether I really express what I want to say, and I like to make articles from a very young age, because this very creative work can get happiness and a sense of achievement in creation. For a long time, I felt that it was easy to make a fuss, and it seemed that I could just write what I wanted to say, and even thought that I would become a writer when I grew up. I spent many years in a groggy state, until one day I found that my language was so poor that I could only express myself dryly, and I began to be a little scared and began to envy those who wrote well.

The words fear, inferiority, and envy grew up with me until a particular reason made me regain my self-confidence and discover how important it is when I am confident.

This particular reason is that I opened a website, my own website, my personal website, a small world that I need to build myself. I am very happy to put all the things I have collected on the Internet on my website, and I am very happy to tell my netizens on the Internet that I have my own website and welcome them to visit, but I was broken by one netizen's words, "That website actually has nothing, but it is something found elsewhere."

After doing such a long foreshadowing, finally came to today's theme, maybe you have been strange about this topic for a long time, now let me tell you, should it be original? Or should you quote someone else's source?

Since that blow, I have always adhered to my own principle, as a personal website, you should only have your own content, and it is not more convenient to ask for other people's content than to go to other people's websites to view.

However, of course, this question will not be so simple, if your energy is not surprisingly much, how can you provide so much novel content to attract enough attention? So quotes have become the best choice for many people.

In general, originality is definitely a difficult problem, and quoting is definitely a simple, quick and effective way to attract attention, but it is not a way to make people remember themselves.

By the way, I have always only regarded blogs as a place to release emotional understanding, so I have never posted non-literary things, and maybe it will become more complicated in the future, and put more things in various aspects, but I will definitely not post things that are too scientific.
