---
title: Miscellaneous lively exam mood
tags:
- 杂文
categories:
- childhoods
date: 2006-06-07
lang: en
translateDate: 9/30/2023
---

My mind has always been very chaotic, and it seems that as soon as it comes to the time of the exam, I become uncomfortable, and it feels that the exam can only bring fatigue, irritability, worry, abandonment and parting.

Tired that is needless to say, all day long looking at boring textbooks, especially those courses opened in order to increase the "employment rate", has already lined up our courses full, the teacher also a serious scare us, if you do not listen to the class well, review must not pass, the next usher in will be a make-up exam, the make-up exam will be more difficult, even more can not pass, of course, we know that the teacher is telling lies, just like the teacher let us memorize well, but let us help each other during the exam, it is just a formality, Exams are really not interesting, but in the university society, you have to follow the rules of this society, of course, I wonder how this can be useful to young people who are hungry for knowledge?

Heavy studies directly lead to students' lack of sleep, lack of sleep directly leads to people's psychology is more affected by bad things in the outside world, and become irritable, I feel that I am, and the classmates around me also show such a state. Irritable people who don't know how to control their emotions, lose their rationality from time to time, and then feel strange about their behavior, may be the pressure test brought to us by the society of college. It's a pity for those who are overwhelmed by this pressure.

Continuous learning, continuous review, and even can already use this knowledge to make a lot of practical and useful things, but after all, we still do not know the content of the exam paper, do not know what strange declination angle we will be wrong, so we still have to worry about the exam, worry about tomorrow, worry about the future, so that the future after the exam is really bright?

gave up his hobbies, gave up his enthusiastic activities, gave up time for rest, gave up time for entertainment, for just a small exam; What's more, he gave up his courage, gave up his heart to pursue excitement, gave up his pursuit of unusual paths, and finally only settled on to live a stable life through exam after exam. Of course, this does not require everyone to completely give up exams and education like those blockbuster classmates, and abandon them for their dreams, because everyone needs to have their own characteristics of life, which can prove that they are an independent person different from others and follow their own path. Maybe the reason I have been reluctant to give up my exams is that I am reluctant to give up my education, and of course, maybe it is also an escape, escape from a complex, dangerous, empty and fast-paced society to a relatively pure campus. Or should I not run away? My brain was so messed up, I shook my head and told myself, I don't know, I don't know......... I don't want to know either...

Every exam means a holiday, and the holiday means parting with the students with deep feelings, always a little reluctant, leaving campus late and coming to school early to reunite with classmates. The novel tells us that parting, this is only a small beginning, and it is a hopeful parting, and there will be more never-ending pure partings in the future.

The heart is still chaotic, the sound of fighting and killing on TV, the sound of classmates tapping on the keyboard on the side, the sound of classmates coming to chat, the excited and unsuppressed exclamations of classmates in the same dormitory, and the sound of music coming from his headphones in order to suppress the miscellaneous music around him, everything is intertwined.

The heart, messed up, the brain, messed up, the hands, stiff, people, going crazy.

Looking back, I really didn't expect my heart to be so turbulent, and I sighed and kept praying that the time for the exam would pass quickly.
