---
title: Exam objectives
tags:
- 杂文
categories:
- childhoods
date: 2006-06-18
lang: en
translateDate: 9/30/2023
---

I finished the fourth level exam today, I don't know if this is a big deal, alas, it's hard to decide.

When the answer sheet came down, I suddenly felt that I found something, the same color, the same specification, the same pen, this is extremely similar to our college entrance examination answer sheet, but now it is different, different time, different place, different atmosphere, and even people are different, and something inadvertently surfaced in my heart.

More than a year ago, while working hard to prepare for the college entrance examination, I wondered why I had to go to that college entrance examination and why I had to go to this university. Maybe for myself, college is really a good place, compared to society, it is too leisurely and happy, and there are too many things to worry about.

Learning, in fact, is a very simple thing, if there are no other issues to consider, but do we come to college to learn what we can learn from books? Can't the university give us something else?

We took the money that our parents worked hard to find, handed it to the school, and then lived happily in school, living a sunny life, even if we were busy studying, and even worried about our grades for our parents, in addition, the money prepared by our parents for us can be said to provide us with a good place to rest. But we follow the steps of our predecessors, and we don't know if this is right or wrong.

I remember a scholar said that in a foreign country, if a child suddenly says to his parents one day, "I want to drop out of school", the parents are very happy, thinking that their children have grown up, have opinions, and will definitely become big people in the future; But when this sentence happens to Chinese children, the situation is very different, and few parents will accept the fact of dropping out of school.

What is the exam for? To prove that you are stronger than others.

People who are strong in the exam must have strong ability? No, but under the same circumstances, when there is no other evidence to prove that you are stronger, you can only watch the exam.

So if you prove that you are stronger in other ways, can you not take the exam? No, students are supposed to take exams.

...... Alas......

Then, passing, good, and excellent grades in the exam became the goals pursued by several types of people. Then for many, that goal became all of his goal.

I like the feeling of quiet, so I write at night, but my tired body still can't support my tired brain after all, and sleepiness still entangles my body, so the whispering at night is a pile of soil.
